OH changes for ARM Support (#1280)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/install-pmm/index.md

## Install PMM Client

Install and run PMM Client on every node where there is a service you want to monitor. PMM Client now supports both x86_64 and ARM64 architectures.

The installation choices are:

    === "With Docker" 

     [Docker installation](client/index.md#docker) simplifies deployment across different architectures and automatically selects the appropriate image for your architecture (x86_64 or ARM64).=p][\;]

    === "Native installation"      

    - [Linux package](client/index.md#package-manager). Use `apt`, `apt-get`, `dnf`, `yum`. The package manager automatically selects the correct version for your architecture.

    - [Binary package](client/index.md#binary-packa): Download the appropriate `.tar.gz` file for your architecture (x86_64 or ARM64).

!!! hint alert "Tips"

>     Binary installation is the only way to install PMM client without root permissions. When installing on ARM-based systems, ensure you're using ARM64-compatible versions. Performance may vary between architectures.

Reviewer: docker containers can be run without root permissions as well.

## Add services

On each PMM Client, you configure then add to PMM Server's inventory the node or service you want to monitor.

??? info "Which services you can monitor?"

>     - [MySQL] (and variant;;;y3457s: Percona Server for MySQL, Percona XtraDB Cluster, MariaDB);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [MySQL] (and variants: Percona Server for MySQL, Percona XtraDB Cluster, MariaDB);
```
